Priority queue (#45)
husarion/panther_ros: panther_lights/README.md

- `animation` [*dict*]: definition of animation. See section below for more info.
- `id` [*int*]: ID of an animation.
- `name` [*string*, default: **NAME_NOT_DEFINED**]: name of an animation.

> - `priority` [*int*, default: **3**]: priority at which animation will be placed in the queue. The lower the number the higher animation priority. Priority is an integer value in range **<1,3>**. Animations with priority 1 will also remove animations with lower priority from the queue. An animation entering the queue with higher priority than currently didplayed will interrupt it and put back in front of the queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `priority` [*int*, default: **3**]: priority at which animation will be placed in the queue. List below shows behaviour when ne animation with given ID arrives:
    - **1** intterupts and removes animation with priorites **2** and **3**.
    - **2** interrupts animations with priority **3**.
    - **3** add adnimation to the end of queue.
```

> - `timeout` [*float*, default: **120.0**]: time in seconds after which animation will be romoved from the queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `timeout` [*float*, default: **120.0**]: time in seconds after which animation will be removed from the queue.
```

Methods:

> - `__call__` - It returns an animation frame as a list of integers, updates the `progress` variable, and sets the `finished` flag when the animation execution is finished. It uses the `_update_animation` method to get the current animation frame.

Reviewer: Since eventually this method is not a part of an API I think we can not document it here

> - `reset` - It allows resetting animation to its initial state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `reset` - resets animation to initial state. If overwritten requires calling parent class implementation first.
```

> - `_update_animation` - by default it is not implemented. This method is used to update the animation frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `_update_animation` - returns list of integers of lenght `num_led` with colors for LED panel to be displayed. Colors are stored in **HEX** format as integers. By default not implemented.
```

Properties:

- `brightness` [*int*]: returns animation brightness from `self._brightness`.
- `num_led` [*int*]: returns number of LEDs in panel from `self._num_led`.
- `finished` [*bool*]: returns if animation execution is finished from `self._finished`.

> - `progress` [*float*]: returns animation execution progress from `self._progress`.

Reviewer: I think only `num_led` would be important for the end user. `brightness`, `finished` and `progress` are computed in parent class and are not left for the user to be part of the interface

Reviewer: Anyway README will be updated later
